+----------------- 
| Academic License 
---------------- 
IMPORTANT. This is a license agreement (the "Agreement") between You 
(Licensee)and WebRatio s.r.l. ("WebRatio" or Licensor), a company 
incorporated in Italy, whose registered number is 02624270134 and whose 
registered office is at Piazzale Cadorna 10, Milano, governing the use 
of WebRatio Platform (the "Program"), as defined below, including any 
link-time and run-time module, and any system documentation and/or 
development process documentation as defined below. 

DEFINITIONS 

Agreement: it is this academic license agreement, coming into force 
after you have signed the License Order and when you break the media 
seal, click on the "accept" button, enters "yes" (or flag on the 
checkbox button) in response to the electronic license acceptance 
inquiry, install, or download the academic license. This legally binds 
You and WebRatio to both the above recitals and the terms and conditions 
set forth below. 

Licensee: In order to be qualified for the applicability of this 
Agreement, You shall: (i) be a Student or Professor of a Faculty or 
Department involved in teaching or researching in Computer Science or 
Computer Engineering and (ii) You shall use the Program only for 
academic and educational purposes relating to Your activities as a 
Student or Professor of a Faculty or Department involved in teaching or 
researching in Computer Science or Computer Engineering 

Program: it includes all or any of the following programs: WebRatio BPM 
Platform Community Edition; WebRatio Mobile Platform Community Edition; 
WebRatio Mobile Platform Professional Edition; WebRatio Web Platform 
Community Edition; WebRatio Web Platform Professional Edition; WebRatio 
Enterprise Platform. 

Documentation: it includes any link-time and run-time module, and any 
system documentation and/or development process documentation 
(including, but not limited to, documentation on computer readable 
media, the technical documentation of the Program, templates used by the 
Program and granted in source format). For instance, it includes 
specifications published in WebRatio Platform Manuals and Tutorials by 
WebRatio. 

Competing Program: it is an application development environment 
translating visual specifications of Mobile and Web sites into 
executable specifications of any kind. 

Content: all information, text, messages or other materials you post or 
otherwise transmit via the “Program”. 

Third Party Plug-ins: they are third party software components included 
by the Program. 

Defects: errors, bugs, defects of the Program. 

WebRatio Intellectual Property Rights: all the intellectual and 
industrial property rights, the Trademarks, any distinctive sign or 
brand, the Suggestions, the Information and Know how relating to the 
Program and/or the Documentation and /or WebRatio as well. 

All the said rights belong to WebRatio. 

Personal data: your personal data, you have provided to Webratio for the 
fulfilment of this Agreement. 

1. GENERAL GRANT OF LICENSE. 

1.1 Webratio is the exclusive owner of all rights, title and interest of 
the Program and of Documentation and grants to You a nonexclusive, 
non-transferable, free of charge and single-user license to use the 
“Program” for lawful academic and educational purposes relating to Your 
activities as a Student or Professor of a Faculty or Department involved 
in teaching or researching in Computer Science or Computer Engineering. 
The license above is granted only exclusively within the time extension 
specified in Article 5 below. 

1.2 The Program may not be used for any profit-making purpose, such as, 
for example, purposes relating to your trade and/or Your business, the 
development of commercial applications, including applications developed 
for institution's own internal use, such as administrative applications 
for the institution. You may not distribute, sublicense or otherwise 
transfer the Program. You further agree not to use and/or distribute any 
application developed by using the Program. 

2. USE OF PROGRAM AND TERMS FOR SOURCE CODE 

2.1 According to art. 64 ter of Italian Law n. 633/1941 (Copyright Law) 
You are not authorised to carry out the operations ruled in letters a) 
and b) of art. 64 bis unless the said operations are necessary for the 
normal use of the Program (e.g. for error correction). 

Therefore, You are not allowed to: modify, port, adapt, duplicate, 
translate, decompile or reverse engineering the “Program”. 

In any case You may not attempt to discover the source code of the 
Program. 

2.2 Unless it has been expressly authorized by WebRatio in writing, you 
shall not copy the Program, except as reasonably required for back-up 
operations, according to art. 64 ter n. 2 Copyright Law: in such a case, 
it is understood that each copy shall contain mention of proper 
copyrights, proprietary rights and confidentiality notices belonging to 
WebRatio. 

In the event of any termination of this Agreement (as set up by art. 5 
below) you shall immediately: a. return to WebRatio all copies of the 
Program and certify to WebRatio that any and all copies of the Program 
have been erased from your pc memory; 

b. remove the Program from Your computer and erase and/or destroy any 
support (magnetic, optic or else, including but not limited to any 
tapes, magnetic diskettes, hard disks, CDs, DVDs, etc.) within which You 
have embodied and/or registered the Program or a part of it. 

2.3 Notwithstanding the provisions above (art. 2.1. and 2.2), in the 
case the Program is expressly described as "Enterprise", you are 
entitled (i) to modify the source files of the application generated by 
the Program; and (ii) to use the source code enclosed in the Program to 
the limited extent of creating derivative works, modifying and extending 
the templates used by the Program. 

You agree not to use the Source Code, binaries, its algorithms, or any 
information learned from the Source Code in any Competing Program. 

Moreover, You cannot transfer in any way the Documentation to any third 
parties. 

2.4 You may not rent, lease or use the Program in a service bureau 
capacity or timesharing. 

2.5 Upon your request, WebRatio shall provide you with the information 
necessary to achieve the interoperability of the “Program” with other 
software programs. 

You may use the said information supplied by WebRatio for the sole 
purpose of the interoperability. You may not disclose the information to 
any third party or use the information in a manner that infringes our 
copyright or Intellectual Property Rights or a copyright or Intellectual 
Property Rights of one of our licensors. 

2.6 You are not entitled to assign, sublicense, lease this Agreement 
and/or anyone of the rights granted hereunder whether it is in whole or 
in part without WebRatio's prior written consent. 

2.7 You are aware that the Program contains professional and 
confidential WebRatio know-how. Therefore, you agree not to use the 
Program in conjunction with a Competing Program. 

2.8 You further agree not to disclose, transfer, or otherwise provide to 
any third party any portion of the Program without the express written 
consent of WebRatio. 

3. REMOTE SERVICES 

3.1 The Program allows you to use remote services provided by Amazon 
Service Inc. and by Mac Stadium Inc. (hereinafter called “Service 
Providers”) whose servers are localized in U.E. and U.S.A., 
respectively. Such remote services are able to generate artefacts 
suitable for the publishing on Mobile Stores (such as Apple Store and 
Google Play Store) and they involve the transfer of your Content to the 
Services Providers servers according to this rule: if You generate an 
App for Android system the service provider is Amazon; if you generate 
an App for IOS system the service provider is Mac Stadium. 

3.2 WebRatio is the licensee of Service Providers with reference to the 
remote services and the servers. Therefore Amazon Service Inc. and Mac 
Stadium Inc. are the sole responsible for the correct operations and 
maintenance of the said servers and the said remote services. 

3.3 In the case you choose to use remote services above, the use of the 
Program will also be ruled by the terms and conditions of the following 
license agreements readable at http://amazon.com/agreement, 
aws.amazon.com/serviceterms and http://macstadium.com/tos. 

3.4 WebRatio will access and process your Content, whose you are data 
controller, only if it is necessary for : a. responding to request of 
assistance; b. preventing or addressing fraud or illicit in general, c. 
security or technical purposes. 

In these cases, you undertake that WebRatio acts in its quality of your 
data processor under the Privacy Code. 

4. THIRD PARTY COMPONENTS 

4.1.The Program contains several Third Party Plug-ins governed by the 
terms and condition contained in files named "about.html" in plug-ins 
directories. You undertake that, by using or not uninstalling such Third 
Party Plug-ins after the initial installation of such Third Party 
Plug-ins (thereby giving You access to the applicable terms and 
conditions), You are bound by such terms and conditions. 

4.2 Without specific permission, Third Party Plug-ins may be used solely 
in conjunction with, and as part of, the Program, and they may not be 
unbundled and/or used separately. 

4.3 WebRatio undertakes that those terms and conditions do not prevent 
You from using the Program for the purposes as stated in Art. 1 above. 

5. TERMINATION 

5.1 This Agreement shall be effective when you break the media seal, 
click on the "accept" button, enters "yes" (or flag on the checkbox 
button) in response to the electronic license acceptance inquiry, 
install, or download the academic license and it will terminate three 
hundred sixty five (365)calendar days thereafter. 

5.2 WebRatio may terminate your license at any time: 

i) immediately, in the event You breach the obligation (in whole or in 
part) set forth by articles n. 1, 2, 4, 8 of this Agreement; 

ii) by giving a prior 10 (ten) written notice in the event you breach 
the other provisions of this Agrement. 

5.3. This Agreement may also be terminated in the case that the 
Agreements between WebRatio and the Service Providers terminate. 

6. UPDATES AND SUPPORTS 

This Agreement does not grant You rights upon any improvements, 
modifications, enhancements, updates of the Program, or other support 
services that may be subject to a separate license. 

7. LIMITED WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES 

7.1 As your testing and performance evaluation of this Program is 
granted to You without charge, You understand that the Program and 
limited technical support are being provided to you 'as is', without any 
warranties (expressed or implied) whatsoever, including but not limited 
to any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, quality, 
non-infringement, performance, or fitness for any particular purpose. 
Furthermore, WebRatio accepts no liability for damages you may suffer as 
a result of the technical support provided or not provided, or the use 
of the Program, including any damages claimed by You, based on any third 
party claims. 

7.2 In no events, WebRatio will be liable for any direct, indirect, 
special, punitive, exemplary or consequential damage (including without 
limitations lost profits or lost savings). Besides, WebRatio does not 
warrant orguarantee to provide support or maintenance services for the 
Program. 

7.3 WebRatio does not warrant or guarantee that the operability of any 
of Your application running with the Program will be maintained with any 
subsequent or generally available version of the Program or that any 
version of the Program will ever be made available or marketed. 

7.4 You are free to provide WebRatio with Suggestion with respect to the 
Program. In such case, You undertake that Webratio: (i) may use all 
Suggestions You provide to Webratio in connection with this Agreement in 
any way and for any purpose; (II) may include such Suggestions in any 
WebRatio Program; (iii) is entitled of any Intellectual and Industrial 
Property Right with respect to any such Suggestions, without accounting 
you. 

If the Program is expressly described as "Alpha", "Beta" or "Nightly" 
You specifically agree that You understand that the Program may not 
perform with complete functionality, may be undergoing testing, may be 
inconsistently available, may have software 'bugs' and may have other 
issues affecting availability and functionality. 

8. CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES 

8.1 You undertakes you are the sole responsible for using the Program in 
compliance with the applicable data protection laws, intellectual 
property and industrial property laws and according to the Amazon (artt. 
1, 4, 19, 20) and Mac Stadium licensee agreements set forth above at 
art. 3. 

8.2 You undertake you are the sole responsible for using the Program in 
compliance with all the copyright notices included in the Program and 
with WebRatio Intellectual Property Rights. 

8.3. You are the sole responsible for: 

a. any Content You post or otherwise transmit via the “Program”; 

b. the development, operation, maintenance, and use of Your Content; 

c. properly using the Program and maintaining appropriate security, 
protection and backup of Your Content; 

d. maintaining the confidentiality of Your login credentials, if any, 
and your account: therefore, you are fully responsible for any and all 
activities that occur under Your login or account. You agree and 
acknowledge that Your login may only be used by one person, a single 
login shared by multiple people is not permitted; 

e. defending us against any claim made or brought against us by the 
Service Providers or any third parties alleging that your Content 
breaches this Agreement, infringes or misappropriates the rights of a 
third party or violates the applicable law: in such a case, you will 
indemnify us for any damages awarded against us, and for attorney’s fees 
incurred by us, in connection with any such a claim. 

9. DATA PROTECTION 

You undertake and authorise that WebRatio processes your personal data 
according to the Information ex art. 13 Legislative Decree no. 196 of 
2003 (Privacy Code) readable at the link 
http://www.webratio.com/site/content/-/privacy-statement 

10. MISCELLANEA 

10.1 This Agreement represents the complete and exclusive statement of 
the agreements concerning the license between the parties, supersedes 
all prior agreements and understandings and may be modified by WebRatio 
only in writing. 

10.2 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or 
illegal under certain circumstances for any reason, such decision shall 
not affect the validity or enforceability of such provisions under other 
circumstances or the remaining provisions hereof and such provisions 
shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make them enforceable 
under such circumstances. 

11. APPLICABLE LAW 

This Agreement and any disputes arising out of or in relation to or in 
connection with it shall be governed and construed by the substantive 
laws of the Republic of Italy. 

12. JURISDICTION 

Any controversy and/or claim arising out or relating to this Agreement 
shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Milan. 

WebRatio s.r.l. 

Licensee 

+----------------------------------------
| Third-party Software License Agreements
+----------------------------------------
This Program contains several component software products ("Third Party
Plug-ins"). Except as otherwise specifically authorized, Third Party Plug-ins
are provided for use solely in conjunction with, and as part of, the Program,
and may not be unbundled and/or used separately.

The terms and conditions governing Third Party Plug-ins are contained in files
named "about.html" in plug-ins directories. By using or not uninstalling such
Third Party Plug-ins after the initial installation of such Third Party Plug-ins
(thereby giving You access to the applicable terms and conditions), You are
agreeing to such terms and conditions.